[Autogenerated] let us take a quick overview off water Java e application is on.
What is it made off?
So what is a Java e application?
Typically, a Java e application can be seen as a Web application.
More or less sophisticated.
It has a set of Java classes are serve.
Let's Web servicers a rest service arreaza, some static resources.
Think about HTML pages.
CSS five j peg images, audio files a video.
Five.
It has some dynamic Pedroza.
Think about Jeb for several pages of or JSF Pedroza.
It has some javascript five and at some meta data in XML,
descriptors and sometimes even more elements like
these one that are not cited here.
So a Java e application is quite a complex subject, made off many things.
Many elements.
We will see very simple Java e application in this module.
By the way, if you're not familiar with what Java E application is,
you may check the Java e keyword here on parasite,
and it will give you several call Soza return by many
people on many aspects of Java.
The good news is that Eclipse fully supports all that,
including serve, Let's Web services rest servicers,
ex cetera.
It can create a special Djebbour E project connected to
application server Rosa and can support those Jeffer A
project through the use off May Virna. And this is what we're going to see.